hi guys so today I'm gonna be showing my
note-taking tips and kind of school
organization and essential is just to
help you know kind of keep your school
life on track and help you keep
organized egging notes I would
definitely kind of recommend either
making a title or kinda like a header
slightly larger than you would write
your notes justify stands out and you
know what the topic is for that day I'm
so when you're looking through your
notes the study it's gonna help and then
all the way on the right side of the
page I like to click the date and always
the period number just in case the
worksheet so I know what you find ur it
goes in and which of us um also when
taking notes I think it's so important
to highlight everything just so you know
you know what we're studying maybe what
works these definitions for you know for
taking tests or anything like that and I
think it really really helps so the next
thing is making split notes you know if
a lot of teachers make outlines like
this like you know split no outline but
if your teacher doesn't it's really easy
you just kind of separate it by topic
and things about that certain topic and
so yeah I think they're really really
helpful next I would recommend kind of
keeping like a file divider and this one
I just divided up by class and this is
gonna help organize any worksheets notes
or homework that you might have to bring
home and just gonna make your life so
much easier than carrying around a bunch
of books and binders and this one's
really cute too so you can just close it
up and take it with you wherever you
want but also definitely recommend
keeping your pencil case just to
organize all your stuff so it's not
cluttered around your house or your
locker or anything like that and
definitely make sure you have the
calculator I've been in plenty of
situations where someone doesn't have
one or they don't want to let me borrow
one so it's always good to have one and
this one just really cute and pink and
girly and I really like it
hey guys a planner is something I cannot
stress enough it's literally gonna help
you keep so organized I would recommend
having one that's a weekly layout and a
monthly layout so that way if you have
maybe a test upcoming in two weeks you
can kind of just like get a head start
on studying and it's really gonna help
keep all your school stuff on track and
I really recommend having one um so
thank you guys for watching and
hopefully you took some of these tips
and essentials and stuff like that and
it'll help you keep your school life on
track so thank you guys for watching bye